h2. Archive player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* *ID*;
* http(s):(www.)//archive.org/details/[*ID*];
* http(s):(www.)//archive.org/embed/[*ID*].

When using the @oui_player@ tag (vs @oui_archive@), the right provider needs to be set if the @play@ value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

- @width@ :=
Integer; initially set to @640@ (use @500@ for a music player).
The width of the player in pixels. =:
- @height@ :=
Integer, initially set to @480@ (use @30@ for a music player).
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
integer[@:@]integer; initially not set.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @0@ and @1@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @autoplay@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Specifies whether the initial video will automatically start to play when the player loads.=:
- @playlist@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Specifies whether to display the next titles if the item to play is a playlist. =:
- @poster@ :=
Image URL; initially not set.
Specifies the URL of an image to display as the starting shot. =:
