h2. Bandcamp player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* album=[*ID*];
* track=[*ID*];
* album=[*ID*]/track=[*ID*];
* http(s)://bandcamp.com/(EmbeddedPlayer/)album=[*ID*];
* http(s)://bandcamp.com/(EmbeddedPlayer/)track=[*ID*];
* http(s)://bandcamp.com/(EmbeddedPlayer/)album=[*ID*]/(…/)track=[*ID*].

When using the <code>oui_player</code> tag (vs <code>oui_bandcamp</code>), the right provider needs to be set if the <code>play</code> value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

If the plugin is not able to get a width and height from two of the @width@, @height@ and @ratio@ values, it will try to get the media dimensions defined by the provider through its oEmbed API.
The use of oEmbed API's slow down players rendering, it is strongly recommended to cache the result when using it.

- @width@ :=
@Integer@; initially set to @350@.
The width of the player. =:
- @height@ :=
@Integer@; initially set to @470@.
The height of the player. =:
- @ratio@ :=
integer[@:@]integer; initially not set.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @true@ and @false@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @artwork@ :=
@big@ or @small@; initially set to @big@.
Defines the artwork size. =:
- @bgcol@ :=
Hexadecimal color value; initially set to @#ffffff@.
Background color. =:
- @linkcol@ :=
Hexadecimal color value; initially set to @#0687f5@.
Links colors. =:
- @tracklist@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@;
Displays the tracklist. =:
- @size@ :=
@big@ or @small@; initially not set.
Defines the player size type; recommended width and height values are:
* @big@: @350px@ × @470px@ (without the tracklist)
* @small@: @100%@ × @120px@ (or @42px@ for a slim player) =:

h4. Sets

The sets of values below allow to render different player types.

* Big:
** @width="470"@;
* medium:
** @artwork="small"@;
** @width="100%"@;
** @height="120"@;
* small:
** @size="small"@;
** @width="100%"@;
** @height="42"@.
