h2. Dailymotion player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* *ID*;
* http(s)://dai.ly/[*ID*];
* http(s)://www.dailymotion.com/video/[*ID*]…;
* http(s)://www.dailymotion.com/embed/video/[*ID*].

When using the @<txp:oui_player />@ tag (vs @<oui_dailymotion />@), the right provider needs to be set if the @play@ value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

If the plugin is not able to get a width and height from two of the @width@, @height@ and @ratio@ values, it will try to get the media dimensions defined by the provider through its oEmbed API.
The use of oEmbed API's slow down players rendering, it is strongly recommended to cache the result when using it.

- @width@ :=
Integer; initially set to @480@;
The width of the player in pixels. =:
- @height@ :=
Integer; initially set to @270@;
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
Integer[@:@]integer; initially not set;
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @true@ and @false@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @api@ :=
@false@, @postMessage@, @location@ or @1@; initially set to @false@.
Enables or disables "the javascript player api":https://developer.dailymotion.com/player#player-api. =:
- @autoplay@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Starts the playback of the video automatically after the player load.
This parameter may not work on some mobile OS. =:
- @controls@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the player controls or not. =:
- @endscreen_enable@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to enable the end screen or not. =:
- @mute@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Whether to mute the video or not. =:
- @origin@ :=
URL; initially not set.
The domain of the page hosting the Dailymotion player.
When using @api="postMessage"@, you might want to specify origin for extra security. =:
- @quality@ :=
@240@, @380@, @480@, @720@, @1080@, @1440@ or @2160@; initially set to @auto@.
Set the suggested playback quality for the video. =:
- @sharing_enable@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the sharing button or not. =:
- @start@ :=
Integer, initially not set.
Specifies the time (in seconds) from which the video should start playing. =:
- @subtitles_default@ :=
Initially not set.
Specifies the default selected subtitles language. =:
- @syndication@ :=
Initially not set.
Passes your syndication key to the player. =:
- @ui_highlight@ :=
Hexadecimal color value; initially set to @ffcc33@.
Changes the default colour used in the controls. =:
- @ui_logo@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the Dailymotion logo or not. =:
- @ui_start_screen_info@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to show video information on the start screen or not. =:
- @ui_theme@ :=
@dark@ or @light@, initially set to @dark@.
Choose the default base colour theme. =:
