h2. Mixcloud player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* http(s)://(www.)mixcloud.com/….

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

If the plugin is not able to get a width and height from two of the @width@, @height@ and @ratio@ values, it will try to get the media dimensions defined by the provider through its oEmbed API.
The use of oEmbed API's slow down players rendering, it is strongly recommended to cache the result when using it.

- @width@ :=
Integer; initially set to @100%@;
The width of the player in pixels (OK, pourcentage works also…). =:
- @height@ :=
Integer; initially set to @400@ (alt native heights are @120@ and @60@);
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
Integer[@:@]integer; initially not set.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @0@ and @1@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @autoplay@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Whether to play after loading or not. =:
- @light@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Enables the light theme. =:
- @hide_artwork@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Hides the background image. =:
- @hide_cover@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Hides the cover.  =:
- @mini@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Uses the _mini_ player config. =:

h4. Sets

The sets of values below allow to render different player types.

* Picture:
** initial values;
* Classic:
** @hide_cover="1"@;
** @height="120"@.
* Mini:
** @hide_cover="1"@;
** @height="60"@;
** @mini="1"@.
