h2. Soundcloud player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* http(s)://(api.)soundcloud.com/….

When using the <code>oui_player</code> tag (vs <code>oui_soundcloud</code>), the right provider needs to be set if the <code>play</code> value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

If the plugin is not able to get a width and height from two of the @width@, @height@ and @ratio@ values, it will try to get the media dimensions defined by the provider through its oEmbed API.
The use of oEmbed API's slow down players rendering, it is strongly recommended to cache the result when using it.

- @width@ :=
Integer; initially set to @100%@.
The width of the player in pixels (OK, pourcentage works also…).
*Default:* related plugin pref =:
- @height@ :=
Integer; initially set to @166@ (alt height is @450@, usually when @visual="true"@).
The height of the player in pixels =:
- @ratio@ :=
Integer[@:@]integer; initially not set.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

Some prefs/attributes can conditionate the behavior of others (e.g. <code>visual="true"</code> desactivates <code>color</code>).
From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @true@ and @false@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @auto_play@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Whether to play after loading or not. =:
- @buying@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the _Buy_ button or not. =:
- @color@ :=
Hexadecimal color value; initially set to @#ff8800@.
Changes the colour of the user interface elements. =:
- @download@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the _Download_ button or not. =:
- @hide_related@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Whether to display related tracks or not. =:
- @sharing@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to enable the sharing features or not. =:
- @show_artwork@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@;
Whether to display the artwork or not. =:
- @show_comments@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display comments or not. =:
- @show_reposts@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display reposts or not. =:
- @show_playcount@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the playcount or not. =:
- @show_user@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to display the uploader or not. =:
- @single_active@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @true@.
Whether to stop playing while another player is on or not. =:
- @start_track@ :=
Integer; initially set to @0@;
Specifies the time (in seconds) when the track should start playing. =:
- @theme_color@ :=
Hexadecimal color value; initially set to @#ff3300@.
Changes the color of the player theme. =:
- @visual@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Whether to display the artwork as a background or not. =:

h4. Sets

* Album:
** big:
*** @height="450"@;
*** @visual="true"@.
** medium:
*** @height="300"@.
* track :
** big:
*** @height="300"@;
*** @visual="true"@.
** medium:
*** initial values.
