h2. HTML5 @<video>@ player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* comma separated list of *File ID's*;
* comma separated list of *filenames* using one of the following extension: @.mp4@, @.ogv@ or @.wbm@;
* comma separated list of *URL's* using the following extensions: @.mp4@, @.ogv@ or @.wbm@.

When using the @<txp:oui_player />@ tag (vs @<txp:oui_video />@), the right provider needs to be set if the @play@ value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

- @width@ :=
Integer, initially set to @640@.
The width of the player in pixels. =:
- @height@ :=
Integer, initially not set.
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
Integer[@:@]integer; initially set to @16:9@.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @0@ and @1@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @autoplay@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Enables the automatic playing if set to @1@. =:
- @controls@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Displays the player controls. =:
- @loop@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Reads the video over and over. =:
- @muted@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Disables the sound if set to @1@. =:
- @poster@ :=
URL; initially not set.
Specifies a start shot URL. =:
- @preload@ :=
@none@, @metadata@, @auto@; initially set to @auto@.
Specifies the way the browser load the media. =:
