h2. Vimeo player

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* *ID*;
* http(s)://vimeo.com/[*ID*];
* http(s)://player.vimeo.com/video/[*ID*].

When using the @oui_player@ tag (vs @oui_vimeo@), the right provider needs to be set if the @play@ value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

If the plugin is not able to get a width and height from two of the @width@, @height@ and @ratio@ values, it will try to get the media dimensions defined by the provider through its oEmbed API.
The use of oEmbed API's slow down players rendering, it is strongly recommended to cache the result when using it.

- @width@ :=
Integer; initially set to @640@.
The width of the player in pixels. =:
- @height@ :=
Integer; initially set to @360@.
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
Integer[@:@]integer; initially not set.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @0@ and @1@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

h6. All videos

- @api@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Enables or disables "the javascript player api":https://github.com/vimeo/player.js. =:
- @autopause@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Enables or disables pausing this video when another video is played. =:
- @autoplay@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Play the video automatically on load. Note that this won’t work on some devices. =:
- @byline@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Show the user’s byline on the video. =:
- @color@ :=
Hexadecimal color value; initially set to @#00adef@;
Specify the color of the video controls. =:
- @dnt@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Disable tracking. =:
- @loop@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Play the video again when it reaches the end. =:
- @muted@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Disable sound by default. =:
- @playsinline@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Play video inline on mobile devices instead of automatically going into fullscreen mode. =:
- @portrait@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Show the user’s portrait on the video. =:
- @title@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Show the title on the video. =:
- @transparent@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Enable transparent iframe background; @0@ sets a black background. =:
- @#t@ :=
string; @0m@. *Not supported yet*
Video playing time starting point. =:

h6. Plus account or higher

These parameters are not set by default.
Edit the plugin code and uncomment the related @$iniParams@ items to enable them; then visit the _Admin > Preferences_ tab to set the related preferences.

- @background@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Toggle player elements, play automatically, loop and mute. =:
- @fun@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Remove quirky error messages in the player (e.g Oops, Fiddlesticks). =:
- @quality@ :=
@auto@, @360p@, @540p@, @720p@, @1080p@, @2k@ or @4k@; initially set to @auto@.
Set the default video quality. =:
- @speed@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Show speed controls in the preference menu of the player and enable playback rate API. =:

p(alert-block information). %(ui-icon ui-icon-info).% More informations on "this Vimeo webpage":https://help.vimeo.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001494447-Using-Player-Parameters.
