h2. YouTube player

h3. Valid values for the play attribute

* *ID*;
* list=[*list_ID*];
* http(s)://(www.)youtu.be/[*ID*];
* http(s)://(www.)youtube.com/v/[*ID*](&list=[*list_ID*]);
* http(s)://(www.)youtube.com/watch?v=[*ID*];
* http(s)://(www.)youtube.com/embed/[*ID*].

When using the @oui_player@ tag (vs @oui_youtube@), the right provider needs to be set if the @play@ value or its field related one is an ID. It is optional, but can fasten the rendering, if the value is an URL.

h3. Player customization

h4. Size

If the plugin is not able to get a width and height from two of the @width@, @height@ and @ratio@ values, it will try to get the media dimensions defined by the provider through its oEmbed API.
The use of oEmbed API's slow down players rendering, it is strongly recommended to cache the result when using it.

- @width@ :=
Integer; initially set to @560@.
The width of the player in pixels. =:
- @height@ :=
Integer; initially set to @315@.
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
Integer[@:@]integer; initially not set.
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@; initially set to @false@.
Adapts the final player size from the provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Parameters (a→z)

From Txp 4.7, paramaters accepting @0@ and @1@ as valid values can be enable through boolean/valueless attributes.

- @autohide@ :=
@0@, @1@ or @2@; initially set to @2@.
Indicates whether the video controls will automatically hide after a video begins playing.
This parameter has been deprecated for HTML5 players, which display or hide the video progress bar and player controls automatically (autohide=1). =:
- @autoplay@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Specifies whether the initial video will automatically start to play when the player loads. =:
- @cc_load_policy@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
1 causes closed captions to be shown by default, even if the user has turned captions off. =:
- @color@ :=
@red@ or @white@; initially set to @red@.
Specifies the color used in the player's progress bar. =:
- @controls@ :=
@0@, @1@ or @2@; initially set to @1@.
Indicates whether the video player controls are displayed. =:
- @disablekb@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@;
Disables keyboard commands. =:
- @enablejsapi@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@;
Enables or disables "the javascript player api":https://developers.google.com/youtube/js_api_reference. =:
- @end@ :=
Integer; initially not set.
Specifies the time, measured in seconds, when the player should stop playing the video. =:
- @fs@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Setting this parameter to 0 prevents the fullscreen button from displaying in the player. =:
- @hl@ :=
ISO 639-1 two-letter language code or a fully specified locale; initially not set.
Sets the player's interface language. =:
- @iv_load_policy@ :=
@1@ or @3@; initially set to @1@.
Setting the parameter's value to 1 causes video annotations to be shown by default. =:
- @loop@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Causes the player to play the video again and again. =:
- @modestbranding@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @0@.
Lets you use a YouTube player that does not show a YouTube logo. =:
- @origin@ :=
URL; initially not set.
URL scheme (@http://@ or @https://@) and full domain of your host page.
Required for @https://@ URL's; including it protects against malicious third-party JavaScript being injected into your page and hijacking control of your YouTube player. =:
- @playlist@ :=
Comma separeted list of video id's; initially not set.
A list of video id's to read after the one provided via the @video@ attribute. =:
- @playsinline@ :=
Initially not set.
Controls whether videos play inline or fullscreen in an HTML5 player on iOS. =:
- @rel@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Indicates whether the player should show related videos when playback of the initial video ends. =:
- @showinfo@ :=
@0@ or @1@; initially set to @1@.
Whether to display the video informations or not. =:
- @start@ :=
Integer; initially not set.
Specifies the time (in seconds) when the video should start playing. =:
- @theme@ :=
@dark@ or @light@; initially set to @dark@;
Indicates whether the embedded player will display player controls (like a play button or volume control) within a dark or light control bar.
This parameter has been deprecated for HTML5 players. =:

p(alert-block information). %(ui-icon ui-icon-info).% Some prefs/attributes may be deprecated for HTML5 players or overriden by the provider depending on several conditions. More informations on "this Youtube webpage":https://developers.google.com/youtube/player_parameters.
