notextile. <section id="dailymotion" class="options_group">

h2. Dailymotion additional attributes

h3. Recognised values for the @play@ attribute

* *id*
* http(s)://dai.ly/[*id*]
* http(s)://www.dailymotion.com/video/[*id*]…
* http(s)://www.dailymotion.com/embed/video/[*id*]

h3. Player size

- @width@ :=
The width of the player in pixels.
*default:* @640@
*valid:* integer =:
- @height@ :=
*default:* none
*valid:* integer
The height of the player in pixels. =:
- @ratio@ :=
The ratio used to calculate the missing value for the width or the height.
*default:* @16:9@
*valid:* integer[@:@]integer =:

h3. Player parameters (aplhabetical order)

- @autoplay@ :=
Starts the playback of the video automatically after the player load.
This parameter may not work on some mobile OS.
*default:* @false@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @controls@ :=
Whether to display the player controls or not.
*default:* @true@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @endscreen_enable@ :=
Whether to enable the end screen or not.
*default:* @true@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @mute@ :=
Whether to mute the video or not.
*default:* @false@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @quality@ :=
Set the suggested playback quality for the video.
*default:* @auto@
*valid:* @240@, @380@, @480@, @720@, @1080@, @1440@ or @2160@ =:
- @sharing_enable@ :=
Whether to display the sharing button or not.
*default:* @true@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @start@ :=
Specifies the time (in seconds) from which the video should start playing.
*default:* none
*valid:* an integer =:
- @subtitles_default@ :=
Specifies the default selected subtitles language.
*default:* none =:
- @syndication@ :=
Passes your syndication key to the player.
*default:* none =:
- @ui_highlight@ :=
Changes the default colour used in the controls.
*Default:* @ffcc33@
*valid:* a hexa color value =:
- @ui_logo@ :=
Whether to display the Dailymotion logo or not.
*default:* @true@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @ui_start_screen_info@ :=
Whether to show video information on the start screen or not.
*default:* @true@
*valid:* @true@ or @false@ =:
- @ui_theme@ :=
Choose the default base colour theme.
*default:* @dark@
*valid:* @dark@ or @light@ =:

p(alert-block information). %(ui-icon ui-icon-info).% Some prefs/attributes may be deprecated for HTML5 players or overriden by the provider depending on several conditions. More informations on "this Dailymotion webpage":https://developer.dailymotion.com/player#player-parameters.

notextile. </section>
