notextile. <section id="basics" class="options_group">

h2(#options_group_basics-label). Basics

Easily embed customised players.

h2. Plugin requirements

oui_player's minimum requirements:

* "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com/ 4.6+.

h2. Installation

# "Download":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_player/releases the compiled plugin file, or, better, download the source and edit the manifest.json file to only include needed providers before to compile the plugin with the "MassPlugCompiler":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/MassPlugCompiler. Most frequently used providers should be included first to increase the plugin perfomances.
# Paste the content of the plugin file under the *Admin > Plugins* and click the _Upload_ button.
# Confirm the plugin install by clicking the _Install_ button on the plugin preview page.
# Enable the plugin and click _Options_ or visit your *Admin>Preferences* tab to fill the plugin prefs.

h2. Extending

By using the "MassPlugCompiler":https://github.com/gocom/MassPlugCompiler it is possible to manage providers. After a first install, if a new provider list is provided via the compiler, the new generated file needs to be installed and the plugin needs to be disable in the admin before to be re-enable to set new prefs, keeping existing provider prefs untouched.

h2. Uninstall

# Check the box on the left of the plugin row under the *Admin > Plugins*.
# open the select list at the bottom of the plugins tables and choose _Delete_.
# confirm the plugin deletion.

notextile. </section>
