h2. Plugin management

h3. Download and customization

h4. Recommended advanced install

It is recommended to customize the plugin by removing providers you don't need to support and ordering the ones you want to keep from the more often used to the less one.
These two actions would increase avoid to install useless code and would increase the plugin performances, mainly when the provider is not defined by you.

# "Download":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_player/releases a _Source code_ package;
# Edit the _manifest.json_ file;
# Use "MassPlugCompiler":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/MassPlugCompiler to compile your custom plugin.

h4. Simple install

# "Download":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_player/releases the @.txt@ or @_zip.txt@ compiled plugin file;

h3. Installation

h4. From the admin interface

Follow the below instructions before or after installing the wanted oui_player extensions:

# Upload its contents through the _Admin > Plugins_ tab;
# Confirm the plugin install on the preview page.
# Enable the plugin *and* click the _Options_ link to set the plugin preferences.

h4. Via Composer (not available yet)

After "installing Composer":https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md…

# Target your project directory:
@$ cd /path/to/your/textpattern/installation/dir@
# If it's not already done, lock your version of Txp:
@$ composer require textpattern/lock:4.6.2@, where @4.6.2@ is the Txp version in use.
# Install oui_player:
@$ composer require nicolasgraph/oui_player@
# Connect to the Txp admin interface and click _Options_ or visit your _Admin > Preferences_ tab to fill the plugin prefs.

h3. Update

h4. From the admin interface

Follow the install instructions.

If you are updating from v1.*, you can install all the wanted extensions before to visit the "Admin > Preferences":?event=prefs#prefs_group_oui_player tab to keep your preference values untouched.
However, if you proceed like so, note that new preferences may be not displayed in a logical order.

h4. Via Composer (not available yet)

bc. $ composer update nicolasgraph/oui_player

h3. Uninstall

h4. From the admin interface

# In the _Admin > Plugins_ tab, check the box on the left of the plugin related row.
# Under the plugins list, select the the _Delete_ option.
# confirm the deletion.

h4. Via Composer (not available yet)

bc. $ composer remove nicolasgraph/oui_player
