h2. Tags

h3. oui_player / oui_provider

Embeds a player.

bc(language-markup). <txp:oui_player />

or, using a provider related name:

bc(language-markup). <txp:oui_youtube /> // each included provider has its own tag.

@<txp:oui_youtube />@ is strictly equivalent to @<txp:oui_player provider="youtube" />@, so you shouldn't use the provider attribute with it.
It is recommended, when possible, to define the provider name to fasten the player rendering, mostly when you need to support many providers.

h4. Presentational attributes

- @label@ :=
String; empty by default.
Label for the video. =:
- @labeltag@ :=
HTML container tag name; empty by default.
HTML wraptag for the label, without brackets. =:
- @wraptag@ :=
HTML container tag name; empty by default.
HTML tag to be used as the content wraptag, without brackets. =:
- @class@ :=
String; empty by default.
CSS class for HTML content wraptag. =:
- @responsive@ :=
@true@ or @false@, related preference value used by default.
Adapts the final player size from provided width and/or height and/or ratio values to fit the container width.
Wraps the player and adds some styles. =:

h4. Main tag attributes

Most of the following attributes can be set via the _Preferences_ tab; +always prefer plugin "global" prefs to tag related attributes!+

- @play@ :=
Valid values differs from one provider to another, check each extension.
The item to play; *required if* it does not use the value of the custom field selected in the plugin prefs (See each provider to know the valid values).
*default:* %(information)changed v1.2.0% the @play@ attribute value of an eventual @<txp:oui_if_play></txp:oui_if_play>@ container tag, or the custom field value of the one selected in the plugin prefs. =:
- @provider@ :=
Extension related provider name; uses the related preference value by default.
The provider to use; *required if* the @play@ attribute is an id, *recommended anyways* if known as it increases the plugin performances by skipping the provider guess. =:

h4. Providers related tag attributes

See each provider related extension.

h3. oui_if_player

Checks the @play@ attribute value againsts defined URL schemes.

bc(language-markup). <txp:oui_if_player>
[…]
</txp:oui_if_player>

or, using a provider related name:

bc(language-markup). <txp:oui_if_youtube /> // each included provider has its own tag.

@<txp:oui_if_youtube … />@ is strictly equivalent to @<txp:oui_if_player provider="youtube" … />@, so you shouldn't use the provider attribute with it.
It is recommended, when possible, to define the provider name to fasten the player rendering, mostly when you need to support many providers.

h4. Attributes

- @play@ :=
The custom field value of the one selected in the plugin prefs by default.
The item to play; *required if* it does not use the value of the custom field selected in the plugin prefs (See each provider to know the valid values). =:
- @provider@ :=
Extension related provider name; empty by default.
Check the URL against valid URL schemes of the defined provider. =:
