notextile. <section id="basics" class="options_group">

h2. Basics

An extendable plugin to easily embed customized audio and video players.

p(alert-block information). %(ui-icon ui-icon-info).% This plugin does not use oembed, it builds iframe embedding codes and HTML5 players by its own without any external request for better performances.

h3. Supported providers

In addition to the HTML5 @<audio>@ and @<video>@ players allowing media reading, embed players are supported for the providers list below.

* "Abc News":http://abcnews.go.com/video;
* "Archive":https://archive.org/;
* "Bandcamp":https://bandcamp.com/;
* "Dailymotion":http://www.dailymotion.com/;
* "Mixcloud":https://www.mixcloud.com/;
* "Myspace videos":https://myspace.com/myspace/videos;
* "Soundcloud":https://soundcloud.com/;
* "Twitch":https://www.twitch.tv/;
* "Viddsee":https://www.viddsee.com/;
* "Vimeo":http://www.vimeo.com/;
* "Vine":http://vine.co/;
* "Youtube":https://www.youtube.com/.

h2. Plugin requirements

oui_player's minimum requirements:

* "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com/ 4.6+.

h2. Customization (advanced users)

This plugin can be customized by excluding/adding providers via the _manifest.json_ file. Then it can be installed via "Composer":https://getcomposer.org or compiled via this "MassPlugCompiler fork":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/MassPlugCompiler.

h2. Installation

h3. From the admin interface

# "Download":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_player/releases the compiled plugin file or the source to compile a customized file.
# Paste the content of the compiled plugin file under the "Admin > Plugins":?event=plugin tab and click the _Upload_ button.
# Confirm the plugin install by clicking the _Install_ button on the plugin preview page.
# Enable the plugin and click _Options_ or visit your "Admin > Preferences":?event=prefs#prefs_group_oui_player tab to fill the plugin prefs.

h3. Via Composer

After "installing Composer":https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md…

# Target your project directory:
@$ cd /path/to/your/textpattern/installation/dir@
# If it's not already done, lock your version of Txp:
@$ composer require textpattern/lock:4.6.2@, where @4.6.2@ is the Txp version in use.
# Install oui_player:
@$ composer require oui/oui_player@
# Connect to the Txp admin interface and click _Options_ or visit your "Admin > Preferences":?event=prefs#prefs_group_oui_player tab to fill the plugin prefs.

h2. Update

h3. From the admin interface

# Follow the installation instruction above.

h3. Via Composer

bc. $ composer update oui/oui_player

h2. Uninstall

h3. From the admin interface

# Check the box on the left of the plugin row under the "Admin > Plugins":?event=plugin.
# open the select list at the bottom of the plugins table and choose _Delete_.
# confirm the plugin deletion.

h3. Via Composer

bc. $ composer remove oui/oui_player

notextile. </section>
