notextile. <section id="for-developers" class="options_group">

h2. For Developpers

h3. Using plugin classes and methods

This plugin allow developers to easily embed configurable players directly via PHP.
For more informations, these two main plugin classes should be considered: Oui\Player\Main and Oui\Player\Provider.

h3. Txp tags use vs PHP examples

h4. Display a player if the provided URL is recognised as a provider URL scheme

bc(language-markup).. <txp:oui_if_player play="https://vimeo.com/186406583">
    <txp:oui_player />
</txp:oui_if_player>

p. This can be achieve with the following PHP code.

bc(language-php).. $class = 'Oui\Player\Main';
$obj = new $class;
$obj->play = "https://vimeo.com/186406583";

if ($obj->checkUrl()) {
    echo $obj->getPlayer();
}

h4. Display a Vimeo customized player

bc(language-markup).. <txp:oui_player provider="Vimeo" play="186406583" width="480" autoplay="1" />

p. The tag above can be replaced by the few following lines of PHP.

bc(language-php).. $class = 'Oui\Player\Vimeo';
$obj = new $class;
$obj->play = "186406583";
$obj->config = array(
    'width'     => '480',
    'autoplay' => '1',
);

echo $obj->getPlayer();

h3. Extending

This plugin was designed to make it easily extendable.
For more informations, take a look at the Oui\Player\Provider class which is the parent class of each provider.

h4. Example of a provider class

bc(language-php).. <?php

namespace Oui\Player {

    class Vimeo extends Provider
    {
        protected $patterns = array('#^(http|https):\/\/((player\.vimeo\.com\/video)|(vimeo\.com))\/(\d+)$#i' => '5');
        protected $src = '//player.vimeo.com/video/';
        protected $params = array(
            'autoplay'  => array(
                'default' => '0',
                'valid'   => array('0', '1'),
            ),
            'color'     => array(
                'default' => '#00adef',
                'valid' => 'color',
            ),
        );
    }

    new Vimeo;
}

h4. Class properties

At least three providers properties need to be set: @$patterns@, @$src@ and @$params@.
The plugin will use @$patterns@ to find the right provider and return its name and the item ID from an URL; @$src@ will be used to build the embed code and @$params@ will allow to automatically add a plugin pref and a oui_player tag attribute for each provided parameter.

p(alert-block information). %(ui-icon ui-icon-info).% Note that dashes in parameters name are replaced by underscores in pref/attribute names.

Here is how they expect to be set:

- @$patterns@ :=
*Type:* protected
*Value type:* associative array
*Key(s):* regular expression to check against a provided url
*Values(s):* the place where to find the item ID in the regular expression =:

- @$src@ :=
*Type:* protected
*Value type:* URL
*Values:* provder's iframe player URL base =:

- @$params@ :=
*Type:* protected
*Value type:* multidimensional associative array
*Key(s):* player parameter
*values(s):* associative array
*Subkey(s):* * @default@ (required), @valid@ (optional), @widget@ (optional)
@Default@ *value:* parameter related pref/attribute default value
@Valid@ *value:* array of expected values (see the @Valid@ _magic system_)
@Widget@ *value:* function name to use for the parameter related preference (if not support by the *Valid* _magic system_) =:

The @Valid@ _magic system_ is designed to set the right preference widget according to the valid values set.

* displays a text input if the @Valid@ key is not set.
* @valid => 'value'@ displays an input with the value type (like @<input type="color" …>@ where _color_ is the value).
* @valid => array('0', '1')@ displays radio buttons using values @0@ and @1@.
* @valid => array('true', 'false')@ displays radio buttons using values @true@ and @false@.
* @valid => array('a value', 'another value')@ displays a select list of the defined values.
* @valid => array('', 'a value', 'another value')@ displays a select list of the defined values leaving a blank option at the begining.

notextile. </section>
