notextile. <section id="tags" class="options_group">

h2. Tags

h3. oui_player

Embeds a video in the page using an iframe.

bc. <txp:oui_player />

h4. Presentational attributes

- @label@ :=
Label for the video.
*default:* none
*valid:* string =:
- @labeltag@ :=
HTML wraptag for the label, without brackets.
*default:* none
*valid:* HTML container tag =:
- @wraptag@ :=
HTML tag to be used as the content wraptag, without brackets.
*default:* none
*valid:* HTML container tag =:
- @class@ :=
CSS class for HTML content wraptag.
*default:* none
*valid:* string =:

h4. Main tag attributes

Most of the following attributes can be set via the _Preferences_ tab; +always prefer plugin "global" prefs to tag related attributes!+

- @play@ :=
The item to play; *required if* it does not use the value of the custom field selected in the plugin prefs (Soundcloud accepts URL's only and Twitch id's must be prefixed with a @v@).
*default:* %(information)changed v1.2.0% the @play@ attribute value of an eventual @<txp:oui_if_play></txp:oui_if_play>@ container tag, or the custom field value of the one selected in the plugin prefs.
*valid:* URL, id or custom field name =:
- @provider@ :=
The provider to use; *required if* the @play@ attribute is an id, *recommended anyways* if known as it increases the plugin performances by skipping the provider guess.
*default:* plugin pref
*valid:* a defined provider

h4. Providers related tag attributes

See the related link in the table of contents.

h3. oui_if_player

In addition to oui_player this plugin also comes with oui_if_player, a conditional tag for checking if the video URL is a valid one.

bc. <txp:oui_if_player play="…">
[…]
</txp:oui_if_player>

h4. Attributes

- @play@ :=
An URL or a custom field containing an URL to check against valid video URL schemes.
*Default:* The custom field value of the one selected in the plugin prefs. =:
- @provider@ :=
Check the URL against valid URL schemes of the provided provider.
*Default:* none =:

notextile. </section>
